<p><strong>Self Service Checkouts – LMS Module</strong></p><p><em>Lesson 1 of 9</em></p><p><strong>Learning Goals</strong></p><p><strong>Here are the goals of this learning:</strong></p><p>At the end of this module you will be able to: </p><ul><li>prepare for your shift</li><li>assist with customer flow</li><li>manage interventions and system problems</li><li>identify which media level is low such as receipt paper, cash notes and coins</li><li>respond to customer change queries</li><li>know where to get help to add paper, fix jams and print receipts</li><li>identify and address Profit Protection and safety issues while working as a SCO specialist.</li></ul><p><em>Lesson 2 of 9</em></p><p><strong>Introduction</strong></p><p><strong>What is SCO (Self-Service Checkout)?</strong></p><p>A SCO is a customer-activated payment terminal that enables Kmart customers to process their own purchases. </p><p>Customers can scan, pack and pay for their purchases at their own pace. </p><p>SCOs enhance the customer experience by giving an alternative choice of check-out method to our traditionally manned registers. </p><p>As such, SCOs are an integral part of our 10.1.6 strategy to double the size of the business.</p><p><strong>Why are SCOs important?</strong></p><p>To double the size of our business, our goal is to achieve $10 billion in sales, $1 billion in profit and six stock turns.</p><p>We do this by making Kmart a great place to shop that is simple to run. </p><p>A great place to shop that is simple to run.</p><p>This means that we:</p><ul><li>provide a rewarding self-service experience</li><li>focus on one simple way of working</li><li>look at having Kmart products available everywhere</li><li>provide better availability with less stock.</li></ul><p><strong>How do you grow the business and increase profit?</strong></p><p>The SCO specialist has a direct impact on growing the business and increasing profit. </p><p>Tap the two markers to find out how.</p><p><strong>10.1.6</strong></p><p>In order to deliver the $1 billion in profit, the SCO specialist has a direct impact on shrinkage by being able to minimise walk offs, pay attention to missed scanning, uncover hidden items, regularly check bags and prams and also check receipts.</p><p><strong>A great place to shop that is simple to run</strong></p><p>The SCO specialist has a direct impact on growing the business by providing a rewarding self-service experience.</p><p><em>Lesson 3 of 9</em></p><p><strong>Prepare for your shift</strong></p><p><strong>The role of a SCO specialist</strong></p><p>The role of a SCO specialist is all about delivering an outstanding customer experience.</p><p>There are five key parts to the SCO specialist role: </p><ol><li>Prepare for your shift.</li><li>Assist with customer flow.</li><li>Manage an intervention.</li><li>Manage media level and system problems.</li><li>Respond to customer change queries.</li></ol><p><strong>Prepare for your shift</strong></p><p>After clocking on to start your shift you need to prepare for the beginning of your shift working on SCOs.</p><p><strong>Select each of the items to see what’s involved.</strong></p><ol><li>Collect your ID badge and SCO keys.</li><li>Grab your blue Customer Service Vest and Utility Belt (check it is stocked with the required items).</li><li>Get a P2T and fit the earpiece over your ear and obtain a store phone too if available.</li><li>Pick up a copy of the current Service One Team Member Call-Up Roster if available.</li><li>Register 38/39/Manned Register is an allocated register for the specialist to perform specific transactions. Sign into register 38/39/Manned Register and place cash into the register making sure there is sufficient money and that it is presented correctly.</li><li>Make sure that all SCOs are open. Check the receipt rolls and replace if needed. </li><li>Conduct housekeeping in the SCO area. If required, place two bundles of plastic/recycled bags on each SCO bag frame. The bags in the central checkout area in Plan C stores have a red stripe, as shown. Also fill alternate bag frames in designated area near SCO. Empty the large blue hanger bins, using a two-person lift, to make sure that they are ready to go. If required, clean the self-service register area. </li></ol><p><strong>Safety Tip: </strong>When using the P2T, use the ear piece clip to attach the cord to your garment or place the cord under your garment. This prevents the cord from becoming slack and potentially getting caught on objects.</p><p><strong>Test your skills at getting ready<br /></strong>You are working at the beginning of your shift. </p><p><strong>Drag the steps to the actions in the order you need to complete them.</strong></p><p>Number of items to reorder and connect: 5</p><p>This question requires reordering and connecting items from one column to another. Please use the actions menu on each item to move, connect, or disconnect them. Once an item is connected, to move it again, it must first be disconnected.</p><p><strong>Step One:  Get my ID badge and keys</strong></p><p><strong>Step Two: Collect my belt, vest, roster and P2T</strong></p><p><strong>Step Three: Get the SCOs ready</strong></p><p><strong>Step Four: Get register 38/39 Manned Register ready</strong></p><p><strong>Step Five: Conduct housekeeping</strong></p><p><strong>Correct</strong></p><p>That's right! You need to grab your keys and ID, gather your tools, get your SCOs ready before you conduct housekeeping.</p><p><em>Lesson 4 of 9</em></p><h1><strong>Assist with customer flow</strong></h1><h2><strong>Customer flow</strong></h2><p>You've just looked at how to prepare for your shift. Now let's take a look at assisting customer flow.</p><p>When you are on duty as a SCO specialist, you must be on the inside of the store at the SCO area at all times. </p><p>Delivering an outstanding customer experience means inviting customers to use a SCO and manage customer flow.</p><p>If register queues peak, then refer to the copy of the Service One Team Member Call-Up Roster if available and call up trained team members to serve on registers.</p><p><strong>Peaks and lows</strong></p><p>To handle customer flow, based on peaks and lows, and to encourage the SCO to be the first choice for service, stores can change the Tensa barriers if required to shape the queues. </p><p><strong>Tap each time for more information.</strong></p><p><strong>Opening</strong></p><p>At the start of the day, direct customers to a SCO, using the SCO workstation (register 38/39/Manned Register) for customers who want a manned register.</p><p><strong>Late morning</strong></p><p>As the queue increases, call for team member assistance on a manned register and direct some customers to the manned register until the queue decreases.</p><p><strong>Peak hours</strong></p><p>Busy times will require a manned register queue in addition to the SCOs.</p><p><strong>Please note:</strong> the maps are examples only. This format may be different in your store. </p><p><strong>Profit Protection and safety</strong></p><p>Tap the safety and Profit Protection tabs below to find out about the Profit Protection and safety measures that are critical to the role of a SCO specialist.</p><h2><strong>Safety Tips</strong></h2><p>In the SCO area:</p><ul><li>ensure the SCO hanger bins are regularly emptied so hangers don't overflow onto the ground and cause a slip hazard</li><li>when emptying the larger blue hanger bins into the cardboard bins, ensure a two-person lift is used.</li></ul><h2><strong>Profit Protection</strong></h2><p>It is critical that SCO specialists constantly walk the SCO area and are aware at all times, as theft is on the increase in this area, impacting shrinkage. To prevent theft within the SCO area:</p><ul><li>acknowledge every customer, making eye contact and saying ‘hello, you are you going’. This can make the customer feel welcome and shows you have recognised their presence</li><li>be on the lookout for a customer who walks through without paying for items, and be aware when customers may be trying to distract you while others attempt to leave the area without paying for items</li><li>validate every intervention, ensuring all items are scanned by matching the products scanned against the items listed on the SCO POS screen.</li></ul><p><strong>Test your skills at Profit Protection</strong></p><p>You are working on SCOs and stand at the head of the queue directing customers to the available registers. What else should you do? </p><p><strong>Select all that apply, then select Submit.</strong></p><ul><li>Look out for people pretending to scan items (Correctly checked)</li><li>Remain wary of being distracted and stay active by clearing baskets and moving around (Correctly checked)</li><li>Make eye contact with customers (Correctly checked)</li></ul><p><strong>Correct</strong></p><p>That's right! All these tasks will assist in growing the business and increasing profit.</p><p>Whenever there is an intervention at a SCO what should you do? </p><p><strong>Choose your correct answer, then select Submit.</strong></p><ul><li>Clear the intervention and walk away (Correctly unselected)</li><li>Review the intervention and check the items scanned match the items displayed on the SCO POS screen (Correctly selected)</li><li>Call a manager for assistance (Correctly unselected)</li></ul><p><strong>Correct</strong></p><p>That's right! Always review the intervention and check the items scanned match the items displayed on the SCO POS screen. </p><p><em>Lesson 5 of 9</em></p><h1><strong>Manage an intervention</strong></h1><h2><strong>Manage interventions</strong></h2><p>You've just looked at how to assist with customer flow. Now let's take a look at managing interventions.</p><h2><strong>Manage an intervention<br /></strong></h2><p>Customers will expect a high level of customer service and will rely on you to solve any issues or problems that arise when they are using a SCO. To manage an intervention you need to log into the Store Authorisation screen. </p><p><strong>Follow the on-screen prompts in the steps to come.</strong></p><h2>Step 1: Select Help</h2><h2>Step 2: Select Store Log in</h2><h2>Step 3: Scan SCO specialist barcode or enter operator ID</h2><h2>Step 4: Store Authorisation screen appears</h2><h2><strong>Summary</strong></h2><ol><li>Select Help</li><li>Select Store Log in</li><li>Scan SCO specialist barcode or enter operator ID</li><li>Store Authorisation screens appears</li></ol><p><strong>Identifying errors and managing intervention</strong></p><p>Providing outstanding customer service means you need to quickly identify any errors and manage the intervention.</p><ul><li><strong>Red Light</strong></li><li><strong>Amber Light</strong></li><li><strong>Finalisation at register 38/39 Manned Register</strong></li><li><strong>Other interventions</strong></li></ul><h2><strong>Red light – requires immediate action</strong></h2><p>The red light can indicate that the weight of the scanned item and the item put in the bag do not match. If this is the case then review the items in the bagging area. Look at the expected weight, weight observed and the number of items as shown in the bottom right of the screen. If the scanned items and bagged items are correct then log in to approve.</p><p><strong>Profit Protection tip</strong></p><p>Check all reasons for interventions. Tricks that are commonly used on the SCO include:</p><ul><li>swapping barcodes from one item with a barcode from a cheaper item</li><li>having a large box, for example a pedal bin, and filling that box with expensive items and only paying the price for a pedal bin</li><li>pretending to scan an item and placing it in the bagging area, or hiding the item in bags/trolleys/prams etc.</li></ul><p>The SCO will pick up these variances in the weight and call for an intervention.</p><h2><strong>Amber light – Action required at the end of a transaction</strong></h2><p>An amber light indicates that a DVD, CD or knife has been placed in the shopping bag and requires approval. The amber light will keep flashing until the end of a transaction.</p><p>Approve the items by selecting Store Log In, scanning the barcode and selecting Approve Items before returning to shopping mode. </p><p>If a product is identified as a knife or knife related product, an alert is set up in the register with a warning message to prompt staff to check ID, should the person look under the age of 25.</p><p><strong>Check:</strong></p><ul><li>that the item scanned was the one placed in the bag</li><li>that the correct item is inside the cover</li><li>if the item is tagged with One Time or any other EAS device</li><li>for any age restrictions and make sure the customer is the appropriate age</li></ul><h2><strong>Finalisation at register 38/39/Manned Register</strong></h2><p>There are some transactions that will need to be finalised at register 38/39/Manned Register; for example, suspended transactions. To do this simply:</p><ul><li>log in to Store Authorisation screen</li><li>select Suspend Transaction</li><li>select Confirm Suspend – a receipt will print</li><li>collect the receipt and go to register 38/39/Manned Register to finalise the transaction.</li></ul><p><strong>Another example:</strong> This can include when a customer doesn't have enough money to pay. For example a customer using a gift card they think has $20 credit but only has $10. The customer may then leave the store to go to the bank and have the transaction suspended for a period of time.</p><h2><strong>Other interventions</strong></h2><p>Other items that can be done either at the SCO or register 38/39/Manned Register include voiding a transaction or item, purchasing multiples of an item, printing an interim or duplicate receipt, organising pick-up/delivery, processing non-merchandise transaction and price overriding end-of-range merchandise. </p><p> Simply: </p><ul><li>log in to Store Authorisation screen</li><li>select Assist Mode</li><li>select the relevant intervention</li></ul><p><strong>Please work with your manager to go through all the types of interventions.</strong></p><p>It is illegal to sell knives and knives related products to anyone under 16 in ACT and SA, and to anyone under 18 in VIC, NSW and QLD.</p><p><strong>There is a training module on 'Knives Sale in QLD' for all team members who attend registers. Please ensure that you complete this training if you are from Queensland. </strong></p><p><strong>Test your skills at managing interventions</strong></p><p>A customer at a SCO is standing with her hands out in confusion. The red light is on. What could it mean? </p><p><strong><br />Choose your correct answer, then select Submit.</strong></p><ul><li>The item scanned and the items bagged have a weight mismatch <em>(Correctly selected)</em></li><li>The customer has tried to purchase a knife <em>(Correctly unselected)</em></li><li>The customer has tried to purchase a DVD <em>(Correctly unselected)</em></li></ul><p><strong>Correct</strong></p><p>That's right! A red light indicates a weight check is required.</p><p>You approach a customer to assist with a red light intervention. The screen indicates this is a weight mismatch. What is the first thing you should do? </p><p><strong>Choose your correct answer, then select Submit.</strong></p><ul><li>Void the item and return to shopping mode <em>(Correctly unselected)</em></li><li>Check that the item scanned was the item placed in the bagging area <em>(Correctly selected)</em></li><li>Scan the SCO specialist barcode <em>(Correctly unselected)</em></li></ul><p><strong>Correct</strong></p><p>That's right! The first thing you need to do is check that the item scanned was the item placed in the bagging area.</p><p>A customer at the SCO realises she doesn’t have enough money to pay for her purchase and would like to put an item back. What should you do? </p><p><strong>Choose your correct answer, then select Submit.</strong></p><ul><li>Log in, select Assist Mode, select Void and then scan the item <em>(Correctly selected)</em></li><li>Suspend the transaction and complete it at register 38/39/Manned Register <em>(Correctly unselected)</em></li><li>Stop and start the SCO and have the customer re-scan her items <em>(Correctly unselected)</em></li></ul><p><strong>Correct</strong></p><p>That's right! You should log into Assist Mode and complete the transaction by pressing Void and then scanning the item.</p><p>A customer completes his transaction and asks you to print another receipt for him. What do you do?</p><p><strong>Choose your correct answer, then select Submit.</strong></p><ul><li>Log in, select Receipt and then Print Duplicate <em>(Correctly unselected)</em></li><li>Log in and select Print Duplicate Receipt <em>(Correctly unselected)</em></li><li>Log in, select Assist Mode and then select Duplicate Receipt <em>(Correctly selected)</em></li></ul><p><strong>Correct</strong></p><p>That's right! DUPLICATE RECEIPT will now be printed on the receipt.</p><p>A customer is halfway through scanning his items and he realises that he has an item that cannot be completed at the SCO. What should you do? </p><p><strong>Choose your correct answer, then select Submit.</strong></p><ul><li>Stop and start the SCO <em>(Correctly unselected)</em></li><li>Void the items and complete at register 38/39/Manned Register <em>(Correctly unselected)</em></li><li>Suspend the transaction and finalise at register 38/39/Manned Register <em>(Correctly selected)</em></li></ul><p><strong>Correct</strong></p><p>That's right! You need to suspend the transaction and finalise at register 38/39 Manned Register.</p><p><em>Lesson 6 of 9</em></p><h1><strong>Manage media level and system problems</strong></h1><h2><strong>Managing media levels and system problems</strong></h2><p>You've just looked at how to manage an intervention. Now let's take a look at managing media levels and system problems.</p><p><strong>Media level</strong></p><p>A SCO specialist needs to have the receipt paper, cash notes and coins (also referred to as media) refilled on a regular basis. The green light will flash when a media level is identified as low. </p><p><strong>Tap the items below to see what action you need to take.</strong></p><p><strong>Barcode</strong></p><p>Scan the SCO specialist barcode at the SCO. Select Cash/Paper Status and the screen will highlight which media is low.</p><p><strong>Receipts</strong></p><p>Refill the media with assistance from your manager if required. Instructions are available in the Pocket Card.</p><p><strong>Cash</strong></p><p>You will require assistance from a cash office team member or a manager if a refill of coins/notes is required. Instructions are available in the Pocket Card.</p><p><strong>Managing a system error</strong></p><p>There will be times that the SCO is not operational due to a system error. If there are issues with a SCO not operating correctly then as a SCO specialist you will need to manage the system error. </p><p><strong>1. Stop and start</strong></p><p>If there is a system-related issue then the first step is to stop and start the SCO. This will take approximately 3 minutes.</p><p><strong>2. Reboot</strong></p><p>If a stop and start doesn't fix the issue then reboot the SCO.</p><p><strong>3. Store Support</strong></p><p>If a reboot does not fix the problem then contact store support. They may guide you through shutting down or generating a diagnostic log.</p><p>There will be times that the SCO is not operational due to a jam. If the SCO is jammed you may need to clear coins from the coin recycler or the coin recycle hopper bin. </p><p>If it is the first time you have had to manage a jam you should ask your manager to demonstrate how to clear a jam.</p><p><strong>You can also refer to the Pocket Card for step-by-step instructions at any time.</strong></p><p><strong>Test your skills at identifying which media level is low</strong></p><p>The green light indicates to you that a media level is low. How do you check which one needs topping up? </p><p><strong>Choose your correct answer, then select Submit.</strong></p><ul><li>Log in to Store Authorisation<em> (Correctly unselected)</em></li><li>Log in to Store Authorisation and select Cash/Paper Status <em>(Correctly selected)</em></li><li>The screen will show a picture of which media is low <em>(Correctly unselected)</em></li></ul><p><strong>Correct</strong></p><p>That's right! You need to scan the barcode and select Cash/Paper Status to see which media needs refilling.</p><p>The green light indicates to you that a media level is low. You check and see that the SCO is low on coins and needs refilling. What do you do? </p><p><strong>Choose your correct answer, then select Submit.</strong></p><ul><li>Get assistance from either a cash office team member or my manager <em>(Correctly selected)</em></li><li>Take coins from a SSCO that is full of money and refill this SCO <em>(Correctly unselected)</em></li><li>Leave it until it’s empty <em>(Correctly unselected)</em></li></ul><p><strong>Correct</strong></p><p>That's right! You will need help from a cash office team member or your manager whenever a refill of coins or notes is required.</p><p>You see that a SCO has frozen during a customer transaction. This is a system error that requires which action?</p><p><strong>Choose your correct answer, then select Submit.</strong></p><ul><li>This is a system problem that will require store support <em>(Correctly unselected)</em></li><li>This is a system problem that will require a reboot <em>(Correctly unselected)</em></li><li>This is a system problem that will require a stop and start <em>(Correctly selected)</em></li></ul><p><strong>Correct</strong></p><p>That's right! For all system problems, begin with a stop and start before trying anything else.</p><p><em>Lesson 7 of 9</em></p><h1><strong>Respond to customer change queries</strong></h1><h2>Respond to customer change queries</h2><p>You've just looked at how to manage media levels and system problems. </p><p>Now let's take a look at responding to customer change queries.</p><p><strong>Managing a query</strong></p><p>As a SCO specialist you may have to respond to customer queries relating to the change given at the end of the transaction. </p><p>When managing a query check the amount tendered and change due which are shown on the receipt. </p><p><strong>Tap the items below to see how to handle these queries.</strong></p><p>If you saw the SCO give the incorrect change then take the money from register 38/39 Manned Register, record the details on the control sheet and advise the cash office.</p><p>If the change error involves notes then check the last note fed into the SCO. Then arrange a spot-check balance of the SCO. Record the customer's details and the discrepant amount on the Customer Service Form. Once the spot-check balance has been completed you can contact the customer.</p><p>If the change error involves less than $5.00 provide the appropriate change from register 38/39 Manned Register and record the details on the register 38/39 Manned Register control sheet.</p><p><strong>Test your skills at responding to customer change queries</strong></p><p>A customer calls you over and tells you that the SCO has short changed her by $2.00. You didn't see the transaction. What do you do? </p><p><strong>Choose your correct answer, then select Submit.</strong></p><ul><li>Open the SCO and take the $2.00 from the machine <em>(Correctly unselected)</em></li><li>Give the customer the $2.00 from register 38/39/Manned Register and record the details on the control sheet <em>(Correctly selected)</em></li><li>Arrange your manager to do a spot check balance of the SCO <em>(Correctly unselected)</em></li></ul><p><strong>Correct</strong></p><p>That's right! The error is under $5.00 so you can provide the change from register 38/39 Manned Register and record it on the control sheet.</p><p>What parts of your role as SCO specialist have an impact on growing the business and increasing profit?</p><p><strong>Select all that apply, then select Submit.</strong></p><ul><li>Assist with customer flow <em>(Correctly checked)</em></li><li>Check for hidden items (e.g. filling up the pedal bin with small items and only scanning pedal bin) <em>(Correctly checked)</em></li><li>Check prams, bags and other items the customer is taking out with them <em>(Correctly checked)</em></li><li>Keep an eye out for missed scanning <em>(Correctly checked)</em></li></ul><p><strong>Correct</strong></p><p>That's right! All of these tasks will assist with growing the business and increasing profit.</p><p><strong>Profit Protection</strong></p><p>We love our customers at Kmart, but some don't always do the right thing. When working at SCOs, it's important to be vigilant with what is happening around you. </p><p>Take a look at the video below to find out more about the <strong>See</strong>, <strong>Act </strong>and <strong>Report </strong>steps that will help you manage profit protection at SCOs.</p><p>[Video/multimedia here]</p><p><strong>Recap</strong></p><p>Well done! You know what's involved in working as a SCO specialist, including how to:</p><ol><li>Prepare for your shift.</li><li>Assist with customer flow.</li><li>Manage an intervention.</li><li>Identify which media level is low.</li><li>Manage system problems.</li><li>Respond to customer change queries.</li></ol><p><strong>Remember if you are unsure of what to do, you can refer to the Pocket Card on our intranet site, or ask your manager.</strong></p><p><br /></p><p><em>Lesson 9 of 9</em></p><h1><strong>Summary</strong></h1><p>In this module you have covered the key skills and knowledge required to be successful in the role of a SCO specialist.</p>