<p><strong>Welcome to Kmart Group</strong></p><p>We’re thrilled to have you on board!</p><p>This module is an introduction to who we are, what we do and where we are headed.</p><p><strong>Audience: </strong>All team members who are part of Kmart Group (Kmart, Target, Anko Global, Anko Sourcing and Anko GCC)</p><p><strong>Duration:</strong> 15 minutes</p><p><strong>Audio/Video: </strong>Yes. Please grab your headphones.</p><ul><li>If you wish to have the text in the module read out, follow the instructions <a href="https://kmartaus.sharepoint.com/sites/M365LP/OurLearningHubHelp/SitePages/Yourtraining.aspx" target="_blank">here(opens in a new tab)</a>.</li><li>If you require sign language interpretation or any other adjustment to support your learning, <a href="mailto:KmartLeadership&amp;Capability@kmart.com.au" target="_blank">reach out to us(opens in a new tab)</a>.</li></ul><p><strong>Last updated: </strong>October 2025</p><p><strong>Data current as of:</strong> September 2025</p><p><em>Section 1 of 7</em></p><p><strong>Introduction</strong></p><p><strong>Acknowledgement of Country</strong></p><p><strong>Artwork description  </strong><br /><br /><strong>Family Tides of Unity</strong> - Designed by the team at Indigenous Design Labs in collaboration with Indigenous studios in Cairns, this modern Indigenous artwork represents the journey of Target towards acknowledging and respecting Australia's Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples and cultures.</p><p><strong>Ignite the Wonder</strong> - Created by Rachel Serra, this design shares a united message from Kmart to communities, reflecting our respect for and commitment to the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples and cultures of Australia.</p><p><strong>Our commitment to reconciliation</strong></p><p>As an Australian business, we’re proud to be on a journey of reconciliation – committed to equitable opportunity, creating a welcoming environment for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples in our business, and using our reach to drive positive change.</p><p><strong>As a global organisation</strong></p><p>We also extend our respects to the Traditional Owners of lands across all countries, acknowledging Indigenous peoples globally as custodians of culture, knowledge, and heritage.</p><p><strong>Our purpose</strong></p><p>At Kmart Group, our purpose is “<strong>Making Everyday Living Brighter</strong>” for our customers and team members.</p><p><br />We believe that everyone deserves access to great products at a price they can afford.</p><p><br />Through our brands - <strong>Kmart, Target and Anko</strong> - we bring this vision to life every day.</p><p><strong>Our story</strong></p><p><strong>Select the video below to watch.</strong></p><p>[Video to play]</p><p><em>Section 2 of 7</em></p><p><strong>Our strategy</strong></p><p>As a business, we’ve set a bold aspiration!<br />The goal is to achieve <strong>$20 billion</strong> in sales, generating <strong>$2 billion</strong> in profit, all while working towards <strong>zero </strong>customer and team member injuries.<br /><strong>Watch the video</strong> below to learn more about our strategy, <strong>our five strategic pillars </strong>to get there, and how our <strong>values </strong>bring it to life.</p><p><em>Section 3 of 7</em></p><p><strong>Our team</strong></p><p><strong>We’ve got an incredibly diverse workforce with team members across the globe. No matter where we’re located, we’re all one team.</strong></p><p><strong><br />Select the tabs below to learn more about our teams.</strong></p><p><strong>Kmart</strong></p><ul><li>Over 44,000 team members</li><li>243 stores in Australia</li><li>53 Khubs – our smaller regional stores in Australia bringing more products to more places</li><li>27 stores in New Zealand</li></ul><p><strong>Target</strong></p><ul><li>123 stores across Australia</li><li>Over 13,000 team members</li></ul><p><strong>Distribution Centres (DCs) and Customer Fulfilment Centres (CFCs)</strong></p><p>With <strong>2500+</strong> team members, including agency staff, our DCs and CFCs are the engine rooms of our supply chain.</p><ul><li> <strong>DCs</strong> receive, sort, and distribute products to stores in bulk<ul><li><strong>Kmart: 5 DCs</strong> across Australia and New Zealand</li><li><strong>Target: 2 DCs</strong> in Australia</li></ul></li><li><strong>CFCs</strong> pick, pack, and ship online orders directly to customers<ul><li>2 CFCs in Australia servicing Kmart and Target, and 1 CFC in New Zealand servicing Kmart</li></ul></li></ul><p><strong>Anko Sourcing</strong></p><p>Anko Sourcing is Kmart Group’s exclusive direct sourcing division, with over <strong>600 </strong>team members. It operates across major sourcing markets in Asia, including China, Hong Kong, India, Bangladesh, Cambodia, Indonesia, Singapore, and Vietnam.<a href="https://ourlearninghub.com.au/pluginfile.php/96458/mod_scorm/content/10/scormcontent/index.html#_msocom_1" target="_blank"> (opens in a new tab)</a>Sourcing means finding and buying the right products from suppliers.</p><p><strong>Anko GCC</strong></p><p>Based in Bangalore, Anko GCC is our global capability centre with <strong>over 470</strong> team members, providing technology solutions, data sciences and business services to the Kmart Group.</p><p><strong>Anko Global</strong></p><p><strong>Anko Global</strong>, with offices in major cities in Asia, Australia, Europe and North America with about <strong>70</strong> team members</p><p><strong>Support offices</strong></p><p>To support our retail brands, we have the <strong>Kmart and Target support offices </strong>at Mulgrave and Williams Landing, Victoria, Australia, with over <strong>1800</strong> team members. These offices will soon be moving to a single office location at One Middle Road, Chadstone, Victoria.</p><p><em>Section 4 of 7</em></p><p><strong>How we work together</strong></p><p><strong>Select the arrows below to learn more.</strong></p><ul><li><ol><li><strong>Respect and fairness</strong><br />At Kmart Group, we believe in doing business the right way - with integrity, transparency and respect for human rights.</li><li><strong>Diversity and inclusion</strong><br />We celebrate and reflect the diversity of the communities we serve and are committed to creating an inclusive and safe environment where everyone feels valued and respected.</li></ol></li></ul><p>We recognise that a diverse and inclusive workforce enhances decision-making, drives innovation and growth, and fosters an inclusive environment for team members and customers.</p><ul><li><ol><li><strong>Giving back to our communities<br /></strong>We are committed to partnering with charity groups who support the communities in which we live and work, to help them thrive. For example, we support organisations like:</li></ol></li><li>Salvation Army – through the Kmart Wishing Tree Appeal and The Family Appeal, across Australia and New Zealand</li><li>RizeUp, who support women and children feeling domestic violence</li><li>Royal Children’s Hospital Melbourne, at Christmas time</li></ul><p>Through <strong>local community engagement</strong>, our stores and other functions across Kmart Group support local causes that matter to our team members and customers. For more information, refer to the discovery booklets (links at the end of the module).</p><ul><li><ol><li><strong>Our commitment to sustainability<br /></strong>Kmart Group matches 100% of its energy needs – the electricity needs of all stores, offices and DCs – with renewable sources, and is committed to making its operations net-zero by 2030. We work with our suppliers to use lower-emission materials and more recycled content in our products, as well as reducing waste from product packaging.</li></ol></li></ul><p><em>Section 5 of 7</em></p><p><strong>Your team member journey</strong></p><p>We believe our people are our greatest asset - and we’re here to help you feel safe, supported, and set up for success.</p><p><strong>Select the tabs below to learn more. There are 5 in total.</strong></p><p><strong>Health and safety</strong></p><p>At Kmart Group, safety is everyone’s responsibility - every hour, every day, everybody – both physically and mentally/psychosocially.</p><p><br />Make sure you're trained for the task, report hazards immediately, and let your manager know right away if there’s an incident or injury.</p><p><strong>Achievement and growth</strong></p><p>We’re all about growing together. You’ll set goals, have regular check-ins with your leader, and take part in reviews of your performance. It’s not about managing performance, it’s about supporting to reach higher, developing and growing together as a team.  </p><p><strong>Reward and recognition</strong></p><p>Kudos is how we show appreciation, thank and recognise each other for living our values and making Kmart Group a great place to work.</p><p>For more information, visit the <a href="https://kmart.snapforms.com.au/form/kudos-home-page" target="_blank">Kudos (opens in a new tab)</a> platform.</p><p><strong>Learning and development</strong></p><p>We offer team members various learning opportunities - from self-paced online modules to professional development and leadership workshops.</p><p> </p><p>You can access these through our <a href="https://ourlearninghub.com.au/" target="_blank">Learning Management System (opens in a new tab)</a>  (also called Our Learning Hub / Target Learning).</p><p>As a new starter, the LMS is where you will complete your online induction programs (like this!).</p><p><strong>What Amazing Looks Like</strong></p><p>It’s one language for everyone, so that the entire team knows what amazing looks like when it comes to leadership and development. <strong>Select the Play button below.</strong></p><p><em>Section 6 of 7<br /></em></p><p><strong>Benefits and platforms we use</strong></p><p><br />We look for the very best benefits to bring to our team members.</p><p>To explore what’s available and check eligibility - see the links below:</p><ul><li><a href="https://kmartgroup.workvivo.com/spaces/66223/feed" target="_blank">Workvivo - Brighter Benefits Space:(opens in a new tab)</a> Keep up to date with the latest offers!</li><li><a href="https://kmartgroup.workvivo.com/spaces/66223/documents" target="_blank">Brighter Benefits booklet(opens in a new tab)</a></li><li><a href="https://kmartgroup.brighterbenefits.com.au/en/" target="_blank">Brighter Benefits platform(opens in a new tab)</a> for Kmart and Target team members in Australia</li></ul><p>If you are based outside Australia, reach out to your local <strong>P&amp;C business partner</strong>, or refer to the <strong>Discovery Booklets</strong> (links at the end of the module) for more information.</p><ul><li>For any questions, contact: <a href="mailto:BrighterBenefits@kmart.com.au" target="_blank">BrighterBenefits@kmart.com.au</a></li></ul><p><strong>Key platforms we use</strong></p><p><strong>Workvivo</strong></p><p><strong>Workvivo</strong> is our team communication app for real-time connection, key updates, and business information - anytime, on any device.</p><p>Visit: <a href="https://kmart.workvivo.com/" target="_blank">https://kmart.workvivo.com(opens in a new tab)</a></p><p>Or download the app from your app store.</p><p><strong>KiT</strong></p><p><a href="https://intranet.core.kmtltd.net.au/kmart/home/" target="_blank">KiT(opens in a new tab)</a> is our intranet platform used to share resources, tools, and communications across teams.</p><p><strong>Note:</strong> There may be other communication channels used in different locations/teams. To know more, please contact your local P&amp;C Business Partner.</p><p><em>Section 7 of 7</em></p><p><strong>Support &amp; Wrap-up</strong></p><p>You’re almost at the end of the module.</p><p>Whether you are working in a store, a DC/CFC or an office setting, you’ll have an amazing community that will help and support you throughout your journey with us.</p><p>Your line manager and People and Capability Business Partner are your first points of contact.</p><p><strong>Discovery guides</strong></p><p>There is more to explore – we’ve created tailored guides (links below) to support you based on where you work in our business. You’ll find these on iKurate - accessible via MS Teams. Feel free to bookmark and explore.<br /><br />If you can’t access them, talk to your line manager or People and Capability Business Partner for a copy.</p><ul><li><ul><li><a href="https://kmartaus.sharepoint.com/:b:/r/sites/M365LP/Newteammembers/Shared%20Documents/Induct/Anko/KAS%20Services%20Discovery%20Booklet%20V6.pdf?csf=1&amp;web=1&amp;e=m468kg&quot; \t &quot;_blank">Anko GCC Discovery Booklet(opens in a new tab)</a></li><li><a href="https://kmartaus.sharepoint.com/:b:/s/M365LP/Newteammembers/EWaQpr52saNApXOE6uhmIvQBBMGeSfgNnInDIfZs_eSHAQ?e=WKtVaM" target="_blank">Anko Sourcing Booklet(opens in a new tab)</a></li><li><a href="https://kmartaus.sharepoint.com/:b:/s/M365LP/Newteammembers/EXDaTQHUxnpNqoyGHEjHxPQBkx0n_Gfy74RPRIMvgrmHlQ?e=C5whlL" target="_blank">Anko Global Discovery Booklet(opens in a new tab)</a></li><li><a href="https://kmartaus.sharepoint.com/:b:/s/M365LP/Newteammembers/ETRA7VKyJnxOmeUOOJopoj0BCWtSyKE4l5rPRwg8CYGVKA?e=ElLirX" target="_blank">Kmart and Target Support Offices - New Starter Guide(opens in a new tab)</a></li><li><a href="https://kmartaus.sharepoint.com/:b:/r/teams/T-PCOrganisationalCapability/Shared%20Documents/80236.%20DC%20Way%20Refresh%20Phase%202/DC%20Induction%20Refresh%202024/3.%20Design/DC%20Discovery_Site%20Induction/Final%20files%20-%20Do%20not%20move/DC%20Discovery_Site%20Induction%20Guide.pdf?csf=1&amp;web=1&amp;e=9Jr7g7" target="_blank">DC Discovery Guide(opens in a new tab)</a></li><li><a href="https://kmartaus.sharepoint.com/:b:/r/teams/T-FY22Leadership%26CapabilityPrograms/Shared%20Documents/80474%20Catch%20CFC%20and%20office%20TMs%20training%20plan/Design/Final%20Files%20-%20Do%20not%20move/CFC%20Discovery%20-%20Site%20Induction%20Guide_V1.pdf?csf=1&amp;web=1&amp;e=9lXri0" target="_blank">CFC Discovery Guide(opens in a new tab)</a></li><li>Kmart Store Induction Team Member Guide (available on LMS, shared during in-store induction)</li></ul></li></ul><p><strong>Wrap up</strong></p><p>Congratulations! You have completed this module.<br />We’re thrilled to have you on board and excited for your journey ahead.<br />No matter your role at Kmart Group, you’re now part of a passionate team that’s committed to <strong>making everyday living brighter </strong>– for our customers, our communities and each other.</p>