<p><strong>Customer Service</strong></p><p><strong>Description</strong></p><p>This module will take you through how to provide great customer service the Kmart Way.</p><p>By the end of this module, you should be able to:</p><ul><li>Describe what customer service is and why it is important to provide a positive experience for our customers</li><li>Identify the skills to conﬁdently interact with customers and provide great customer service</li></ul><p>Duration: 17 minutes</p><p>Audio/Video: Yes, please grab your headphones</p><p>Select START COURSE or the first topic to begin.</p><p><em>Last updated: June 2022</em></p><p><strong>Providing exceptional customer service</strong></p><p><em>Lesson 1 of 8</em></p><p>Select Play to watch the video. </p><p><strong>Customer interactions</strong></p><p>There are several different interactions you will have with a customer, which are opportunities to provide an exceptional experience. This includes:</p><ul><li>Acknowledging a customer who is happy to browse</li><li>Helping customers with products – helping them locate products; learn more about them; and assisting when something isn’t currently available</li><li>Responding to phone queries</li><li>Managing customer feedback</li></ul><p>This module will focus on how you can use these opportunities to enhance the customer experience. </p><p><strong>Customer service tools</strong></p><p>Let's first take a quick look at some of the customer service tools that help us assist our customers.</p><ol><li><strong>Push to Talk (P2T)</strong></li></ol><p>It’s a small radio device with a wired earpiece that rests on your ear. You use it to communicate to your colleagues i.e. to talk to them and listen to them. </p><p>There are two models of P2T devices used across stores. </p><ol><li><strong>Portable Data Terminal (PDT)</strong></li></ol><p>It’s a device to scan merchandise to check price, check stockroom location and stock status/availability at your store or other stores.</p><ol><li><strong>Utility belt</strong></li></ol><p>Designed specifically for shop floor and stockroom team members, to carry tools and supplies needed to perform customer service tasks and store presentation effectively.</p><ol><li><strong>Telephone</strong></li></ol><p>We all know what a telephone is. But the focus of this device is that from the moment you say hello, it's part of your role to provide a positive experience to our customers. </p><ol><li><strong>Customer Service Form</strong></li></ol><p>A form used to collect customer and product details, to assist with a number of services. Depending on the query, it may need to be handed to another team member or secured to an item off the floor.</p><p><strong><br />To help your customers efficiently, take the time to explore your store layout and know where key products are located.</strong></p><p><strong>Working safely</strong></p><p>Lesson 2 of 8</p><p>Safety underpins everything we do, every hour, every day, every one!  </p><p>We’ll cover safety in more detail in other modules. As a customer service team member, remember these key messages on how you can influence a safe environment for everyone:</p><ul><li>bullet<br />Help others make safe choices by working together and speaking up when you see something that doesn’t look right.</li><li>bullet<br />Join the Health &amp; Safety Committee at your site and get behind campaigns.</li><li>bullet<br />Share your ideas and thoughts for making Kmart a safer place to work and shop.</li><li>bullet<br />Take good care of your physical and mental wellbeing – be a retail athlete!</li></ul><p>And always keep in front of your mind what you work safely for, think about those <strong>people, places, things</strong>, <strong>experiences</strong> and <strong>future plans</strong> that are <strong>important</strong> to you and give your <strong>life meaning</strong>.</p><p> </p><p><strong>Acknowledging a customer who is happy to browse</strong></p><p>Lesson 3 of 8</p><p>Let’s get started with some customer interactions. </p><p>Select <strong>Play</strong> to watch the video. </p><p> </p><p><strong>Helping customers with products</strong></p><p>Lesson 4 of 8</p><p>Let’s learn how to assist a customer when they can't find something in store. </p><p>Select <strong>Play</strong> to watch the video.</p><p> </p><p>The next interaction is about helping a customer decide which product is best for them and helping them when something isn't available.</p><p>Select <strong>Play</strong> to watch the video.</p><p> </p><p><strong>Responding to phone queries</strong></p><p>Lesson 5 of 8</p><p>This interaction is about helping customers who call us and want to pick up a product at a later time.</p><p>Select <strong>Play</strong> to watch the video. </p><p> </p><p><strong>Managing customer feedback</strong></p><p>Lesson 6 of 8</p><p>It’s important to manage customer feedback appropriately – whether that is a complaint or a compliment. </p><p>To manage a complaint, use ‘LAST’.</p><p><strong>L – Listen</strong></p><p><strong>A – Apologise</strong></p><p><strong>S – Solve the problem</strong></p><p><strong>T – Thank</strong></p><p>Let’s see this in action.</p><p>Select <strong>Play</strong> to watch the video. </p><p> </p><p><strong>Quiz</strong></p><p>Lesson 7 of 8</p><p>Before finishing this module, let's complete a quiz to check your understanding of customer service skills. </p><p> </p><p>Pass mark for this quiz is <strong>80%</strong> so you need to answer at least 4 out of 5 questions correctly. </p><p> </p><p><strong>Wrap up</strong></p><p>Lesson 8 of 8</p><p>We hope the tips and strategies you learnt around providing great customer service are helpful to you. Remember by putting customers at the centre of everything we do, we strive to making everyday living brighter for them. </p>