<p><strong>Equipment - Moving Safely</strong></p><p> </p><p>This module builds on the equipped part of the '<strong>YES'</strong> concept, showing you how to safely operate equipment like roll cages, ladders, and trolleys. Knowing how to use equipment correctly ensures you’re not just prepared - but safely equipped - for every situation you encounter.</p><p><strong>Audience: </strong>All Kmart and Target store team members.</p><p><strong>Duration:</strong> 8<strong> </strong>minutes.</p><p><strong>Audio: </strong>Yes, please grab some headphones. If you wish to have the text in the module read out, follow the instructions <a href="https://kmartaus.sharepoint.com/sites/M365LP/OurLearningHubHelp/SitePages/Yourtraining.aspx">here(opens in a new tab)</a>.</p><p>Let's get started. Select <strong>Start course</strong> to begin.</p><p><em>Last updated: September 2025</em></p><p> </p><p><em>Section 1 of 3</em></p><p><strong>Operating equipment</strong></p><p> </p><p>Whether it's a cage or a trolley, knowing how to operate equipment safely is essential. Let's take a look at how Safety Simon teaches our new team members to move safely with equipment in our stores by watching the videos below.</p><p> </p><p><strong>Operating cages</strong></p><p> </p><p>Pause</p><p><strong>Remaining Time -1:54</strong></p><p>1x</p><p>Playback Rate 1x</p><p>Picture-in-PictureFullscreen</p><p>Mute</p><p> </p><p><strong>Operating ladders</strong></p><p> </p><p>Play Video</p><p> </p><p><strong>Operating apparel rails</strong></p><p> </p><p>Play Video</p><p> </p><p>The next step is going to be a quick quiz to test your knowledge on the equipment we just learnt about.</p><p> </p><p> </p><p>Complete the content above before moving on.</p><p>33% Completed</p><p>Unstarted</p><p>Must pass quiz before continuing: "Knowledge check"</p><p> </p><p><strong>Operating ladders</strong></p><p> </p><p>[Play Video]</p><p> </p><p><strong>Operating apparel rails</strong></p><p> </p><p>Play Video</p><p> </p><p>The next step is going to be a quick quiz to test your knowledge on the equipment we just learnt about.</p><p> </p><p><em>Section 2 of 3</em></p><p><strong>Knowledge check</strong></p><p>Before finishing this module, complete a quick knowledge check to explore your understanding of the <strong>Equipment - Moving safely </strong>module.</p><p>Pass mark for this quiz is <strong>80%, </strong>so you need to get 4 out of 5 questions correct.</p><p>START QUIZ</p><p> </p><p><strong><em>Question</em>01/05</strong></p><p>When moving a heavy apparel rail, what is the safest action?</p><p>Pull it quickly from the front</p><p>Correctly unselected</p><p>Push it while walking backwards  </p><p>Correctly unselected</p><p>Ask for help or reduce the load  </p><p>Correctly selected</p><p>Tip it slightly to move faster  </p><p>Correctly unselected</p><p><strong>Correct</strong></p><p>If the apparel rail is heavy, seek assistance from another team member or reduce the volume of garments. This helps prevent strain and accidents.</p><p> </p><p><strong><em>Question</em>02/05</strong></p><p>What is the correct procedure before moving a ladder in a reserve aisle?</p><p>Apply the handbrake and start moving</p><p>Correctly unselected</p><p>Check for obstructions and release the handbrake</p><p>Correctly selected</p><p>Carry items in both hands</p><p>Correctly unselected</p><p>Overreach to save time</p><p>Correctly unselected</p><p><strong>Correct</strong></p><p>Always release the handbrake and check for obstructions (including overhead), before moving the ladder. This ensures safe movement and prevents accidents.</p><p> </p><p><strong><em>Question</em>03/05</strong></p><p>Which of the following is a safe practice when using a ladder?</p><p>Carrying bulky items in both hands</p><p>Correctly unselected</p><p>Maintaining three points of contact</p><p>Correctly selected</p><p>Facing outwards when descending</p><p>Correctly unselected</p><p>Stepping off before reaching the bottom  </p><p>Correctly unselected</p><p><strong>Correct</strong></p><p>Maintaining three points of contact (two hands and one foot or two feet and one hand), is essential for stability and safety when using a ladder.</p><p> </p><p><strong><em>Question</em>04/05</strong></p><p>What should you do before adjusting cage shelves?</p><p>Step inside the cage  </p><p>Correctly unselected</p><p>Ask someone to help</p><p>Correctly unselected</p><p>Adjust shelves from outside the cage</p><p>Correctly selected</p><p>Leave shelves unsecured  </p><p>Correctly unselected</p><p><strong>Correct</strong></p><p>Never put your body inside the cage. Always adjust shelves from the outside.</p><p> </p><p> </p><p><strong><em>Question</em>05/05</strong></p><p>What PPE should you wear when moving cages?</p><p>Gloves and safety footwear</p><p>Correctly selected</p><p>Safety goggles and earplugs  </p><p>Correctly unselected</p><p>Hi-vis vest and helmet  </p><p>Correctly unselected</p><p>No gear is needed  </p><p>Correctly unselected</p><p><strong>Correct</strong></p><p>Gloves and safety footwear protect your hands and feet when handling cages.</p><p> </p><p><em>Section 3 of 3</em></p><p><strong>Summary</strong></p><p> </p><p> </p><p>Ladder</p><p> </p><p>Cage</p><p> </p><p>Apparel rail</p><p> </p><p>Here’s a quick recap of what you’ve learned:</p><ul><li>Always check equipment like cages and apparel rails, wear your PPE, and set up your space safely.</li><li>Load heavy items at the bottom, keep stock below 1.5m, and use green handles when pushing.</li><li>Choose the right ladder, apply the brake, maintain three points of contact, and never overreach.</li><li>Avoid overfilling rails, adjust for garment length, use both hands when moving, and ask for help when needed.</li></ul><p> </p>