<p><strong>Kmart Healthy Minds</strong></p><p><strong>Description</strong></p><p>This course is a short introduction to the Kmart Healthy Minds wellbeing program. By the end of this course you will be able to:</p><ul><li>Understand your role as a team member in supporting a positive mental health culture </li><li>Recognise the early signs of concern and determine what support you can offer </li><li>Identify the resources available to you around mental health and wellbeing, and where to find them</li><li>Introduce the RRR (Recognise, React and Refer) process</li></ul><p>Let's get started. Select <strong>Kmart healthy minds</strong> below to begin.</p><p><strong>Duration: </strong>10 minutes</p><p><strong>Audio / Video: </strong>Yes. Please grab your headphones.</p><p><strong><br />Kmart healthy minds</strong></p><p><em>Section 1 of 5</em></p><p><strong>Kmart's culture</strong></p><p>Kmart promotes a healthy, open and supportive workplace culture. </p><p>[Play Video]</p><p>Complete the content above before moving on.</p><p><strong><br />Stigma</strong></p><p><em>Section 2 of 5</em></p><p><strong>3 out of 4 people with </strong></p><p><strong>a mental health condition </strong></p><p><strong>have experienced </strong></p><p><strong>negative stigma.</strong></p><p><strong>Stigma</strong></p><p>Stigma involves negative attitudes or discrimination against someone based on a distinguishing characteristic such as a mental illness, health condition, or disability. </p><p><strong>Flip each card</strong> for examples of common public stigmas.</p><p><br /></p><p>"People with psychological illnesses are a liability at work."</p><p>"Everyone gets depressed, why can't they get over it?”</p><p>"They can't perform like a normal person."</p><p><strong>Flip each card</strong> for examples of stigmas that people struggling with their mental wellbeing may give to themselves.</p><p>"I can't do that, I'm not like they are."</p><p>"I know myself, I will do something to ruin it."</p><p>"My anxiety will just get in the way, so why bother trying."</p><p><strong>The do's and don'ts for a colleague</strong></p><p>It's important you are conscious of your own behaviour. </p><p><strong>Drag each card</strong> to one of the following boxes.</p><p><strong><br />Recognise the early signs</strong></p><p><em>Section 3 of 5</em></p><p><strong>Recognising early signs</strong></p><p>In work settings, the most common forms of mental health conditions are anxiety and depression. These conditions affect 1 in every 2 Australians, at some point in their lives.</p><p>1 in 6 New Zealand adults have been diagnosed with a common mental health condition in their lifetime. This includes depression, bipolar disorders and anxiety disorders.</p><p><strong>Stress</strong></p><p>Stress is an expected human response to a challenging or dangerous situation. Humans have evolved over time to be able to experience a range of stressors and recover from them.</p><p>Experiencing stress is part of being alive. A small amount of stress, such as meeting a challenge or deadline can actually be helpful. It can lead to increased alertness, energy and productivity. A complete lack of stress can lead to reduced motivation and performance.</p><p>Stress triggers the 'fight' and 'flight' responses, preparing the body to take action against potential danger. Hormones such as adrenaline and cortisol are released, causing the heart rate, metabolism and breathing rate to speed up.</p><p>This works well for short-term threats but if the stress response goes on for too long, it can have damaging effects on the mind and body.<strong> </strong></p><p><strong>Depression</strong></p><p>The term depression is used to describe a <strong>constant </strong>low mood, for a period of <strong>more than two weeks</strong>. This is accompanied by a lack of enjoyment of most activities, and difficulty in functioning socially, at work and within relationships.</p><p><strong>Click each hotspot</strong> in the image below to learn more about the early signs of depression.</p><ul><li><ol><li>Increased time off work or reduced reliability</li><li>Dishevelled Appearance</li><li>Poor concentration and forgetfulness</li><li>Persistent low mood</li><li>Change or lack of hygiene practices</li><li>Tiredness/fatigue</li><li>Withdrawal from colleagues and other social engagement at work</li><li>Lack of motivation</li></ol></li></ul><p> </p><p><strong>Anxiety</strong></p><p>Often people will feel some level of anxiety or worry in certain situations, such as a job interview or public speaking. People who experience anxiety can feel like this even when they are not confronted by a stressful event. This constant worrying can be directed to any area of their lives and can range from a feeling of uneasiness to intense panic that is disproportionate to the situation or threat.</p><p><strong>Search for the words</strong> to learn more about the early signs of anxiety.</p><p>At times the anxiety can present itself in the form of a panic attack. This can be confronting and sometimes scary experience for a team member.  If you or a colleague starts to experience a panic attack at work, here are some helpful tips on how you can help manage the symptoms: </p><p>How to help manager your own symptoms - Click on each of the icons on the left</p><ul><li>Reach out for help and let someone know about the symptoms you are experiencing</li><li>If possible, try move to a private and quiet area to sit down</li><li>Try to slow your breathing by setting a breathing pattern. For example. In for 3 seconds and out for 3 seconds.</li><li>There are similarities in symptoms between a panic attack and a cardiac event/ If you have concerns about your condition, call 000 (AUS) or 111 (NZ) and follow the CPR First Aid procedures, or try and ask a colleague to do this for you.</li></ul><p> </p><p>How to help a colleague manage symptoms - Click on each of the icons on the left</p><ul><li>If possible, take them to a private and quiet area to sit down.</li><li>Try to slow their breathing by setting a breathing pattern. For example, in for 3 seconds and out for 3 seconds.</li><li>There are similarities in symptoms between a panic attack and a cardiac event. If you or your colleague have concerns about the condition, call 000 (AUS) or 111 (NZ) and follow the CPR First Aid procedures.</li><li>Listen to the person without judging them, if they are able to talk.</li><li>Remain calm in your voice and manner</li><li>Continue to stay with them until the panic attack subsides. Encourage them to seek medical support once the event is over.</li></ul><p> </p><p><strong><br />React - Key steps of the conversation</strong></p><p><em>Section 4 of 5</em></p><p>When someone experiences mental health issues, there isn't a formula to follow for every conversation. </p><p>The most important part is to be genuine, show empathy and seek to understand. There are two types of approaches to handle when concerning behaviour is observed: one is constructive and supportive, whereas the other is unsupportive. </p><p><strong>Handling concerning behaviours</strong></p><p><strong>Constructive and supportive approach</strong></p><p><strong>Drag the slider</strong> below to learn how to take a constructive and supportive approach when dealing with a team member's mental health issues.</p><p><strong>Unsupportive approach</strong></p><p><strong>Drag the slider </strong>below to learn more about what constitutes a detrimental approach to dealing with a team member's mental health issues.</p><p><strong>Let's listen</strong> to an example of two team members having a conversation about how to approach a colleague that seems to have a substantial change in behaviour:</p><p><strong>Conversation with a colleague who discloses a mental illness </strong></p><p>Where a colleague has disclosed a mental health issue, it's important to seek support from your Line Manager, the People &amp; Capability Team or Injury &amp; Wellbeing Advisor. </p><p><strong>Flip each card </strong>to learn more. </p><p>Ask the team member what support they would like</p><p>Listen with an open mind</p><p>Encourage them to take action and seek professional help</p><p>Check in with them regularly to see how they have been doing since your last conversation</p><p>Recommend to your colleague to speak to a friend, parent, doctor or direct them to Kmart Cares (EAP) that provides support and counselling for a broad range of personal and work related issues. </p><p><strong>Let's listen</strong> to a team member who has chosen to talk to a manager about depression and how their manager has attempted to provide support: </p><p><br />Just like every person is different, every situation will be different. </p><p>Your Line Manager or P&amp;C team is there to help you navigate how you can best support your colleague. </p><p><strong>How to support a peer</strong></p><p>When being supportive to colleagues, there are a few things to remember:</p><ul><li>bullet</li></ul><p>Usually just being there and listening to them is often all that is needed. However, you could also consider; suggesting EAP (Kmart Cares); or suggesting they speak to a friend, parent or doctor.</p><ul><li>bullet</li></ul><p>Support a colleague by focusing on what they can do and not what they cannot do.</p><ul><li>bullet</li></ul><p>Understand whether the colleague's condition is impacting work. If it isn't, then all we need to do is support them as best as possible. Work is often where team members feel psychologically safe.</p><p><strong>A manager might:</strong></p><p>Where required, have a discussion about potential changes to the team member's role that will best support them (eg maybe working in Back of House for a few shifts to avoid customer interactions or change the team member's hours to allow them to seek treatment). </p><p><strong>Let's take a look </strong>at an example of how to have a conversation with a colleague:</p><p>Now that you have a better idea on how to have a conversation with a colleague, let's take a look at the resources that can be referred to when needed.</p><p><strong><br />Refer - Resources available</strong></p><p><em>Section 5 of 5</em></p><p><strong>Don't take the weight of a colleague's health on yourself alone. There's a great deal of Kmart and Community resources to assist our team, and to assist you. </strong></p><p><strong>Kmart resources</strong></p><p><strong>Kmart Cares</strong></p><p>For more information about Kmart Cares (EAP), take a look at the documents available on Kmart Intranet (Kit) or download them below:</p><p><strong><a href="https://ourlearninghub.com.au/pluginfile.php/96510/mod_scorm/content/1/scormcontent/assets/2j4SiBhM2nnrSQeV_L2HZMTja2WlNYmeX-EAP%20Australia.pdf&quot; \t &quot;_blank">EAP Australia.pdf</a></strong></p><p><a href="https://ourlearninghub.com.au/pluginfile.php/96510/mod_scorm/content/1/scormcontent/assets/2j4SiBhM2nnrSQeV_L2HZMTja2WlNYmeX-EAP%20Australia.pdf&quot; \t &quot;_blank">2.2 MB</a></p><p><strong><a href="https://ourlearninghub.com.au/pluginfile.php/96510/mod_scorm/content/1/scormcontent/assets/q64_asC157JosTpY_ST8Dvsq85xf2vC_w-EAP%20New%20Zealand.pdf&quot; \t &quot;_blank">EAP New Zealand.pdf</a></strong></p><p><a href="https://ourlearninghub.com.au/pluginfile.php/96510/mod_scorm/content/1/scormcontent/assets/q64_asC157JosTpY_ST8Dvsq85xf2vC_w-EAP%20New%20Zealand.pdf&quot; \t &quot;_blank">2.2 MB</a></p><p><strong>Healthy Minds Toolkit</strong></p><p>The Healthy Minds Toolkit (also available on Kit) will help you find tips on how to create a mentally healthy workplace and resources to help both team members and managers access appropriate support.</p><p>You can also select the button below to download the full document:</p><p><strong><a href="https://ourlearninghub.com.au/pluginfile.php/96510/mod_scorm/content/1/scormcontent/assets/2-s-fKzcgbp-FCDL_Oys9QkLb2HtBgEnc-Healthy%20Minds%20Toolkit.pdf&quot; \t &quot;_blank">Healthy Minds Toolkit.pdf</a></strong></p><p><a href="https://ourlearninghub.com.au/pluginfile.php/96510/mod_scorm/content/1/scormcontent/assets/2-s-fKzcgbp-FCDL_Oys9QkLb2HtBgEnc-Healthy%20Minds%20Toolkit.pdf&quot; \t &quot;_blank">1.1 MB</a></p><p><strong>Confidential support services are always available 24hrs, 7 days a week. </strong></p><p><strong>Other Resources</strong></p><p>To learn more about positive mental health, there are a range of support options. You can access the websites by selecting the buttons on the right.</p><p><strong>Lifeline - Australia</strong><br />lifeline.org.au</p><p>13 11 14</p><p><a href="http://lifeline.org.au/" target="_blank"><strong>Lifeline AUS</strong></a></p><p><strong>Lifeline New Zealand</strong></p><p>lifeline.org.nz</p><p>0800 LIFELINE (0800 543 354) </p><p><a href="https://www.lifeline.org.nz/" target="_blank"><strong>Lifeline NZ</strong></a></p><p><strong>Mental Health Foundation of New Zealand </strong><br />www.mentalhealth.org.nz</p><p><a href="http://www.mentalhealth.org.nz/" target="_blank"><strong>Mental Health Fou...</strong></a></p><p><strong>Kids helpline</strong><br />kidshelpline.com.au</p><p>1800 55 1800</p><p><a href="http://kidshelpline.com.au/" target="_blank"><strong>Kids helpline</strong></a></p><p><strong>Head to Health</strong><br />Head to Health is the national mental health portal which provides links and contact details of mental health services and information.</p><p><a href="https://www.headtohealth.gov.au/" target="_blank"><strong>Head to Health</strong></a></p><p>People &amp; Capability Business Partner</p><p><strong>Your Line Manager or the People &amp; Capability Business team</strong></p><p>For ongoing support, reach out to your Line manager or a People &amp; Capability Business team member.</p>