<p><strong>Payment Card Industry (PCI)</strong></p><p><em>Welcome to the Payment Card Industry (PCI) course.</em></p><p>This module will take you through key components of the Payment Card Industry (PCI) policy at Kmart to ensure you are aware of your obligations to comply with it.</p><p><strong><br />What is PCI and why is it important?</strong></p><p><em>Lesson 1 of 4</em></p><ol><li>PCI (Payment Card Industry) is the international security standard that has been adopted by organisations.</li><li>The standard is designed to prevent credit card fraud and protect customer payment card data.</li><li>If Kmart fails to comply with it's PCI obligations the business could be liable for significant financial penalties.</li><li>All team members (manager and contractors included) must comply with this policy and may be disciplined for committing a breach of this policy.<strong> </strong></li></ol><p><strong>Why is it important?</strong></p><p>Here at Kmart we <em>Live Integrity</em> by always doing the right thing. That means protecting our customers, Kmart and ourselves from any loss, harm or hardship cause by breaching of policy. </p><p>See below for a copy of the PCI policy, as at October 2021. This policy can also be found on Kit.</p><p><br /><strong>Your role in PCI</strong></p><p>The power is in your hands to uphold the Kmart value of Live Integrity and protect our customers, Kmart and yourself. Make sure to familiarise yourself with the PCI policy and ensure you comply with it. Some key callouts to remember:</p><ol><li>Credit card details must <strong>not</strong> be written down, recorded or kept under any circumstances.</li><li>Credit card details must <strong>not</strong> be sent by email.</li><li>Team members must <strong>not</strong> record, save or create databases containing credit card information.4</li><li>You must use a cross-cutter to destroy forms with credit card details. Placing the form in a bin will <strong>not</strong> sufficiently destroy the information.</li></ol><p><strong>Breaching this policy could result in disciplinary proceedings that may include the termination of your employment.</strong></p><p><strong><em>Question</em></strong></p><p><strong>01/04</strong></p><p>A customer leaves an order form with you that contains their credit card details. You process the order and then put it in the bin. Is this okay?</p><ol><li>Yes</li><li>No<ol><li>Correct: That’s correct! This is <strong>not</strong> okay as it is a breach of the PCI policy. You must use a cross-cutter to destroy forms with credit card details. Placing the form in a bin will not sufficiently destroy the information</li></ol></li></ol><p><strong><em>Question</em></strong></p><p><strong>02/04</strong></p><p>A customer realises that she has left her handbag in the car but she knows her credit card details. You write the credit card details down. Is this okay?</p><ol><li>Yes</li><li>No<ol><li>Correct; Credit card details must not be written down, recorded or kept under any circumstances</li></ol></li></ol><p><strong><em>Question</em></strong></p><p><strong>03/04</strong></p><p>You need to give a customer's credit card details to another department but they are not answering the phone, so you email them instead. Is this okay?</p><ol><li>Yes</li><li>No<ol><li>Correct: That’s correct! This is <strong>not</strong> okay as it is a breach of the PCI policy. Credit card details must not be sent by email</li></ol></li></ol><p><strong><em>Question</em></strong></p><p><strong>04/04</strong></p><p>You discover that one of your team members has been keeping a list of customer names, purchases and credit card details. Is this okay?  </p><ol><li>Yes</li><li>No<ol><li>Correct: That’s correct! This is <strong>not</strong> okay as it is a breach of the PCI policy. Team members must not record, save or create databases containing credit card information</li></ol></li></ol>