<p><strong>KNA 2024 for Store Team Members</strong></p><p>This course gives you a high-level overview of the Kmart Australia National Agreement 2024 (KNA 2024). It's important for you to understand how you as a Kmart team member can be rostered and paid under the KNA 2024.</p><p><em>Section 1 of 6</em></p><p><strong>Overview of the KNA</strong></p><p><strong>Video Transcript</strong></p><p><em>“Hey team, let's talk about something super important. The KNA 2024. This is the Enterprise agreement that applies to all waiters, team members working in Kmart Australia stores. So what is an enterprise agreement? An enterprise agreement is a collective agreement that sets out the minimum terms and conditions for certain team members. These include things like grates of pay, penalties, hours of work and rostering conditions, allowances, and lead benefits. We can find a copy of the K&amp;A 2024 on Work Lail Doct section in the KNA document hub folder. Make sure we'll check it out and stay informed as it explains your rights, benefits, and entitlement hourward.”</em></p><p><em>Section 2 of 6</em></p><p><strong>How am I paid and employed?</strong></p><p><strong>Video Transcript</strong></p><p><em>“Let's dive into how we get paid and the different employment types under the KNA 2024. The KNA 2024 sets your pay rate based on your job category and age. The agreement also guarantees annual pay increases from July 1st each year until 2028. The KNA explains how your pay based on working in certain conditions. For example, working on a weekend is paid at a different rate to working Monday to Friday, between 7 a.m to 6 p.m. It can be full-time, part-time, or casual. Casual workers get extra pay, call casual loading to make up with benefits they don't receive, such as annual leave or pay, personal or careless leave. You rec classified as either a day shift worker or a night shift worker, which determines your regular hour. We will also be employed in one of the following five dogparts. jobob tapes, retail assistant, right on trolly collector, clerical administrator, assistant supervisor, supervisor. Speak to your manager or check out your contract to know what job category you fall under.”</em></p><p><em>Section 3 of 6</em></p><p><strong>When can I work?</strong></p><p><em>“I know you set out the rules for how you can be rusted, including how many hours team members can work each day and week and different rates are paid that may apply if conditions aren't met. It also offers team members flexibility as well. This video will highlight some examples, but make sure to take a look at K&amp;A or talk to your manager if you want to know more. K&amp;A 2024 offers flexible working options for our team members. This includes. The ability for part-time and casual team members aged 18 or to volunteer two shifts in one day. The ability for team members to choose to work at different Kmart or K-Hub stores other than their home store where hours become available. The KA 2024 also sets out how casual team members are paid if they shifts to change or cancel this short notice by Kmart. The KNA 2024 also covers union related terms. Kmart will endeavour to invite union officials to group team member inductions. It is a matter for you, whether you wish to engage with the union or not. The agreement also covers work on public holidays and additional rostering conditions for special days like Christmas Eve. Understanding these details ensures that you are aware of your rights and responsibilities.”</em></p><p><em>Section 4 of 6</em></p><p><strong>Leave and other commitments</strong></p><p><em>“We'll say, let's briefly talk about the different types of lead team members can take under the KNA 2024. The KNA 2024 includes different types of leave team members might be eligible for, like annual leave and personal carers leave. There are also specific situations where team members can take him passionately. Additionally, there are other types of leaf, such as natural disaster leaf, and blood don leaf. It's important to know about these leaf options so you can use them when needed.”</em></p><p><em>Section 5 of 6</em></p><p><strong>Knowledge check</strong></p><p><strong><em>Question</em>01/05</strong></p><p>Which of the following is included in the KNA 2024 agreement? (Select all that apply)</p><ol><li>Rates of pay (correct)</li><li>Parking rules</li><li>Office locations</li><li>Leave benefits (correct)</li><li>Hours of work and rostering conditions (correct)</li></ol><p><strong><em>Question</em>02/05</strong></p><p>Which of the following is NOT a job type under the KNA 2024?</p><ol><li>Retail Assistant</li><li>'Ride-on' Trolley Collector</li><li>Clerical Administrator</li><li>Store Manager (correct)</li></ol><p><strong><em>Question</em>03/05</strong></p><p>What determines your pay rate under the KNA 2024?</p><ol><li>Your job classification and age (correct)</li><li>Your location</li><li>Your performance reviews</li></ol><p><strong><em>Question</em>04/05</strong></p><p>When are the annual pay increases guaranteed until?</p><ol><li>2025</li><li>2026</li><li>2027</li><li>2028 Correct: The KNA 2024 guarantees annual pay increases from July 1 each year until 2028.</li></ol><p><strong><em>Question</em>05/05</strong></p><p>Which type of leave is included in the KNA 2024?</p><p>(Select all that apply)</p><ol><li>Study leave</li><li>Annual leave (correct)</li><li>Carer's leave (correct)</li><li>Compassionate leave (correct)</li></ol><p>Remember, you can access a full copy of the KA 20204 on Work Feebo and Kit. And if you have any questions, please contact the People Advisory Centre. Thanks watching.</p>